so we would like you to meet Tahoe the
bear just five pounds and perhaps ten
weeks old we have to speak softly
because we're trying to leave her in her
natural state as much as possible little
Tahoe was dropped off by someone on
Tuesday at the bear league offices in
Homewood on Lake Tahoe's west side
somebody was compassionate enough to
take the time and and pick her up and
bring her down no one knows where she
came from when she was somehow separated
from her mother while still in her den
but she is a lucky little bear
she doesn't have teeth yet she can't eat
she would be dead probably by now her
mother may have been hit by a car shot
by poachers or died of old age she could
have been killed
gotten too close to a marijuana patch
and they kill everything that comes into
those the right diet whomever had Tahoe
probably didn't know how or what to feed
her she still been drinking up her
special bear formula voraciously a
little lethargic a little dehydrated but
not bad shape overall Tom and Cheryl are
careful to what Tahoe do her own thing
to help her stay as wild as possible
we don't cuddle her we don't do any type
of bonding with her she doesn't need to
bond to me
Tahoe got a second shot at her life now
she's sharing it with those who are
lucky enough to be around her this is
what keeps me going after 37 years is
because this little girl now will have a
chance to grow up be a healthy normal
little bear yeah she's a joy so
eventually the hope is that Tahoe the
bear will grow to about to 85 or 90
pounds and perhaps a year from now or so
we'll be able to be returned to the wild
just like the other Cubs who live here
and as you can see for now she couldn't
be happier in South Lake Tahoe Dave
marquess news 10